---
layout: post
title: AI Influence Developers
---

# My Prospect about How AI Influence Developers

I want to reflect about how the traditional process look like before AI show up.
The purpose of the computer is to solve the problem human face. But human can't just use those billons of electric units exactly. So human invented many hardware to control them more conveniently. Then the problem becomes how to use these complicated tools like CPU, Memory, I/O devices, etc. To send proper signals to these tools, human invented many tools to translate the language which is more comprehensible for human to the signals these tools can understand. But the language is not the language most people use daily, it's just programming language which has a high learning cost. Those people who learn this language form a profession, development, or coding. By nature, the developers play a role of translator who translate natural language to code.
But then human want to translate natural language to those code. This can be part of AI's work. As the ability of AI to process the natural language become more and more powerful, the work translating natural language to code doesn't need human. That's when developers are affected by AI. But now AI can only accomplish limited translation works which were done by human. The translation from natural language to code project for AI is too complicated to accomplish. Besides, "Natural Language can be different from Natural Language". A vague description must be clarified by developers.
So AI need to become more powerful.