---
layout: post
title: B+ Tree in Disk
---

### From Basic Storage Unit

B+ tree have many nodes. But they can be classify as leaf node and non-leaf node. What exactly are these nodes in real world? They are the pages in disk. Disk store all the data page by page. What B+ tree do is that it help orgnize all the pages storing the data.

### Abstract Doubly Linked List

But the page has limited space, we can't store all the data in one page. After one page is full, we must store data in a another new page. As the number of pages grow large, the problem arise about how to orgnize them. The idea first booms out of everyone's mind is to store all the data in a list. Then we can manage all the data once we hold the first data. We can find all the data from it one by one.

### Just Like Dictionary

One dictionary has millions of records. But we can find the record we want conveniently. How does that happen? Dictionary seperate all the records into several groups, based on the first letter of each word. Then it list all the words which located in the front of each group. All we need to do is to check the directory. Every record in directory store the word and the location of that word.
Just like dictionary, B+ tree orgnize all the pages through directories. B+ tree assign one record to each page. Each records contain the ID and location of each page. Then B+ tree seperate all the records into many groups. Different from dictionary, B+ tree have a multiple-level directory. We can find from the top directory to bottom, until we fina the data we want. The page storing the data is called leaf node, other called non-leaf node.
