---
layout: post
title: Something about MySQL
---

### InnoDB

The default storage engine of MySQL is InnoDB. It's a powerful engine with dedicated design. The heart of this design is "Data is index, index is data". 

### Clustered Index

All tables will be stored in B+ trees with index.This B+ tree is called clustered index. The column used to create this index can be data of user which must be unique every row, or it can be one invisible row_id which can be created by InnoDB.

### Secondary Index

User will need index to speed the queries. InnoDB allow user to create as many indexes as they want, only if the space is not a problem. These indexes are called Secondary Index. If there are more than one columns in this index, this index can also be called Composite Index.

### Extent

To better manage all the pages storing the data or the index, InnoDB introduced Extent. One extent contains 64 pages, so one extent takes 1MB space. One Extent Group contains 256 extents.

### Segment

Unlike extent, segment is a structure which can increase dynamically according to its need. One B+ tree(i.e. index) has two segments, one for non-leaf nodes and one for leaf nodes.

### Whole Process

When user create one table, InnoDB will add the information of structure to system table. Then it will create one .ibd file, representing the table space. When user start to insert data to the table, if the data is not large which is the most common situation, InnoDB will not allocate one whole extent to each segment. It will give segments some space in fragment extent, which belong to table space instead of segment. Only when the segment incease to more than 32 pages in fragment extent, table space will give this segment some whole extents.
